SETUP_GUIDE.md, before:

# ATIM Setup Guide

## Quick Start

### 1. Install Dependencies

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### 2. Set Up Environment Variables

Create a `.env` file in the project root with the following content:

```
GEMINI_API_KEY=your_gemini_api_key_here
GEMINI_MODEL=gemini-2.0-flash
```

**To get a Google Gemini API key:**
1. Go to https://makersuite.google.com/app/apikey or https://aistudio.google.com/app/apikey
2. Sign in with your Google account
3. Click "Create API Key" or "Get API Key"
4. Copy the key and paste it in your `.env` file

### 3. Run the Application

```bash
python main.py
```

## Testing Individual Components

### Test Component A (Trend Analysis) - No API Key Required

```bash
python trend_analysis.py
```

This will analyze Google Trends for shoe keywords and display results.

### Test Component B (Inventory Agent) - Requires Google Gemini API Key

```bash
python llm_inventory_agent.py
```

This will generate recommendations using sample trend data.

## Troubleshooting

### Issue: "Google Gemini API key is required"
- Make sure you created a `.env` file in the project root
- Verify the file contains: `GEMINI_API_KEY=your_actual_key_here`
- Make sure there are no extra spaces or quotes around the key

### Issue: "ModuleNotFoundError"
- Make sure you installed all dependencies: `pip install -r requirements.txt`
- Try creating a virtual environment:
  ```bash
  python -m venv venv
  venv\Scripts\activate  # Windows
  pip install -r requirements.txt
  ```

### Issue: Google Trends API errors
- Check your internet connection
- Wait a few seconds between runs (rate limiting)
- Try again later if the issue persists

## Next Steps

1. Review the recommendations generated by the system
2. Customize keywords in `main.py` for your specific products
3. Update inventory data in `inventory_data.py` with your actual inventory
4. Adjust configuration in `config.py` for your region and season

## Notes

- Google Trends API is free but has rate limits
- Google Gemini API has a free tier with generous usage limits (check Google AI Studio for current limits)
- The system uses sample inventory data by default
- You can modify all components to fit your specific needs

Commit message:

Update documentation and enhance UI features - Add SERPAPI_KEY setup instructions to README and SETUP_GUIDE - Simplify and improve README structure and clarity - Add comprehensive web UI features (visualizations, alerts, export) - Improve error handling and fallback mechanisms - Add APP_DOCUMENTATION.md for web application

SETUP_GUIDE.md, after:

# ATIM Setup Guide

## Quick Start

### 1. Install Dependencies

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### 2. Set Up Environment Variables

Create a `.env` file in the project root with the following content:

```
# Required
GEMINI_API_KEY=your_gemini_api_key_here
GEMINI_MODEL=gemini-2.0-flash

# Optional but recommended (for real Google Trends data)
SERPAPI_KEY=your_serpapi_key_here
```

**To get a Google Gemini API key:**
1. Go to https://aistudio.google.com/app/apikey
2. Sign in with your Google account
3. Click "Create API Key" or "Get API Key"
4. Copy the key and paste it in your `.env` file

**To get a SerpAPI key (Optional):**
1. Go to https://serpapi.com/users/sign_up
2. Sign up for a free account (100 free searches/month)
3. Go to your dashboard and copy your API key
4. Paste it in your `.env` file
5. **Note:** If you don't provide a SerpAPI key, the system will use sample trend data instead of real Google Trends data

### 3. Run the Application

```bash
python main.py
```

## Testing Individual Components

### Test Component A (Trend Analysis) - No API Key Required

```bash
python trend_analysis.py
```

This will analyze Google Trends for shoe keywords and display results.

### Test Component B (Inventory Agent) - Requires Google Gemini API Key

```bash
python llm_inventory_agent.py
```

This will generate recommendations using sample trend data.

## Troubleshooting

### Issue: "Google Gemini API key is required"
- Make sure you created a `.env` file in the project root
- Verify the file contains: `GEMINI_API_KEY=your_actual_key_here`
- Make sure there are no extra spaces or quotes around the key

### Issue: "ModuleNotFoundError"
- Make sure you installed all dependencies: `pip install -r requirements.txt`
- Try creating a virtual environment:
  ```bash
  python -m venv venv
  venv\Scripts\activate  # Windows
  pip install -r requirements.txt
  ```

### Issue: Google Trends API errors
- Check your internet connection
- Wait a few seconds between runs (rate limiting)
- Try again later if the issue persists

## Next Steps

1. Review the recommendations generated by the system
2. Customize keywords in `main.py` for your specific products
3. Update inventory data in `inventory_data.py` with your actual inventory
4. Adjust configuration in `config.py` for your region and season

## Notes

- Google Gemini API is required for AI recommendations (free tier available)
- SerpAPI is optional - provides real Google Trends data (100 free searches/month)
- If SerpAPI key is not provided, the system uses sample trend data
- The system uses sample inventory data by default
- You can modify all components to fit your specific needs
